( snoring loudly )
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
JOEY. JOEY.
JOEY. JOEY, JOEY,
JOEY, JOEY, JOEY...
JOEY... JOEY... JOEY.
JOEY. JOEY!
( whispers ):
ALL RIGHT!
( resumes snoring )
OH, OH, DID-DID...
DID I WAKE YOU?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
GUNTHER, COULD I GET
ANOTHER CUP OF COFFEE, PLEASE?
SO, UH, WHAT DO
YOU DO WHEN YOU'RE
NOT WORKING HERE?
YOU DON'T NEED
TO FILL THESE SILENCES.
OH, OKAY, THANKS.
CHANDLER,
THAT'S, LIKE
YOUR FOURTH
CUP OF COFFEE.
I AM DRINKING LOTS
BECAUSE I AM EXHAUSTED
BECAUSE JOEY STARTED SNORING.
HE'S IN A
DIFFERENT ROOM.
HE'S REALLY THAT LOUD?
OH, YOU SHOULD HEAR ME.
IT'S NOTHING TO BE PROUD OF.
YOU HAVE TO GO
TO A SLEEP CLINIC.
I TOLD YOU
I'M NOT GOING
TO ANY CLINIC.
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WITH THE PROBLEM.
YOU SHOULD GO
TO A QUIT-BEING-A-BABY-
AND-LEAVE-ME-ALONE CLINIC.
THEY DON'T HAVE THOSE.
YEAH, THEY DO.
QUIT BEING A BABY
AND LEAVE ME ALONE.
THERE, YOU JUST HAD
YOUR FIRST CLASS.
I USED TO GO OUT
WITH THIS GUY
THAT WAS A REALLY
LIGHT SLEEPER
AND WHENEVER I'D
START TO SNORE
HE'D JUST ROLL
ME OVER...
OH, YEAH...
HE WOULD JUST
ROLL ME OVER
AND I WOULD
STOP SNORING.
NEXT TIME YOU SNORE,
I'M ROLLING YOU OVER.
I GOT TO DO
WHAT I GOT TO DO.
YOU GOT TO DO
WHAT YOU GOT TO DO.
JUST DO IT.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY.
( humming
"The Wedding March" )
OH, THE OLYMPICS.
HAVE YOU GUYS
PICKED A DATE?
HUH? OH, NO, NOT YET.
I STILL CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU'RE ENGAGED.
JUST 'CAUSE IT'S HAPPENING
SO FAST,
NOT 'CAUSE YOU'RE SUCH A LOSER.
THANKS. UH, HAS
ANYONE SEEN RACH?
OH, SHE'S UPSTAIRS
NOT DOING THE DISHES.
AND I'LL TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT
DOING THEM THIS TIME.
I DON'T CARE IF THOSE
DISHES JUST SIT IN THE SINK
UNTIL THEY'RE ALL
COVERED WITH...
I'LL DO THEM
WHEN I GET HOME.
YEAH. OH, HEY, LISTEN
EMILY FOUND THIS WEDDING DRESS
IN LONDON...
ALREADY?
YEAH, BUT IT
DIDN'T FIT.
LUCKILY, A STORE
HERE HAS ONE LEFT
IN HER SIZE
BUT I'M THE GROOM--
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO
SEE THE DRESS...
I'LL PICK
IT UP FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
BRO, SHE'S GOT YOU
RUNNING ERRANDS
YOU KNOW,
PICKING UP WEDDING DRESSES...
WAH-PAH!
WHAT'S "WAH-PAH"?
YOU KNOW-- WHIPPED.
WAH-PAH!
THAT'S NOT "WHIPPED."
"WHIPPED" IS...
WA-TSSH!
THAT'S WHAT I DID.
WAH-PAH!
YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING!
( footsteps approaching )
HEY, MON...
I WAS JUST DOING
THESE DISHES...
HEY.
OH.
OH. IT'S YOU. HI.
HEY, DO YOU HAVE A MINUTE?
YEAH, YEAH. I WAS JUST GOING
TO TAKE A BREAK ANYWAY SO...
WHEW!
SO, LISTEN, UH...
I KNOW YOU AND I
HAVEN'T REALLY HAD
A CHANCE TO TALK
SINCE, UH... EMILY AND I
DECIDED TO GET MARRIED
AND I WAS JUST
WONDERING HOW YOU WERE.
( clears throat )
OH.
I MEAN, I KNOW
IF YOU WERE GETTING MARRIED
UH, I MEAN,
I WOULD FEEL, UM, KIND OF...
YOU KNOW? UH...
YEAH, YEAH. IT DEF...
IT DEFINITELY, UH,
TOOK ME BY SURPRISE
BUT, YOU KNOW, UH...
I'M OKAY.
YEAH?
YEAH, YOU KNOW.
I'M OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
I JUST WANTED TO CHECK.
OH, THAT'S SWEET. THANK YOU.
( both chuckle )
YOU'RE GREAT.
AND I-I KNOW SOMEDAY
THIS WILL HAPPEN
FOR YOU, TOO.
YOU JUST HANG IN THERE.
UH...
( chuckles )
"HANG IN THERE"?
OH, NO, I-I DIDN'T MEAN, UH...
I MEAN, MAYBE YOU HAVE
NOT HEARD OF A LITTLE
SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP
CALLED "ME AND JOSHUA"?
OH. UH,
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
HAD JUST BEEN
ON, LIKE, FOUR DATES.
I DIDN'T REALIZE THAT HAD...
BECOME ANYTHING.
OH, YEAH. NO, OH, NO;
OH, NO, THAT HAS BECOME.
OH.
IT HAS. YEAH.
OH, NO, THOSE WERE
FOUR GREAT DATES.
OH. YEAH?
OH, YEAH. OH, I MEAN,
AND THE CONNECTION?
I MEAN, YOU KNOW...
EMOTIONALLY,
MENTALLY, YOU KNOW?
PHYSICALLY.
WOW, THAT'S-THAT'S-THAT'S
INCREDIBLE.
I KNOW. ISN'T IT?
IT'S LIKE I'M RIGHT
THERE WITH JOSHUA;
YOU ARE RIGHT
THERE WITH EMILY;
AND IT'S, YOU KNOW,
IT'S KIND OF LIKE...
IT'S A TIE.
( chuckles )
YEAH, WELL, I
GOT TO GET...
I GOT TO GET BACK
TO MY DISHES.
I GOT TO GET TO WORK.
OH, YEAH. OKAY.
( clearing throat )
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD
MAKE ME REALLY HAPPY?
OH, YOU KNOW, WHAT'S THAT?
IF, LIKE, THE FOUR OF US
COULD ALL, YOU KNOW,
HANG OUT TOGETHER.
IN FACT, EMILY'S COMING
INTO TOWN THIS WEEKEND.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE ALL HAVE
DINNER, SAY, SUNDAY NIGHT?
THAT WOULD BE GREAT!
YEAH?
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
IT'S A DATE.
YEAH.
"HANG IN THERE."
YOU HANG IN THERE.
( gasps )
YOU SAY SOMETHING?
NO, I WAS JUST SINGING.
♪ LA-LA-LA,
LA-LA-LA-LA... ♪
OH, MY GOD.
( both gasp )
OH, LOOK AT THIS ONE.
WOW.
OH, IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
YEAH, OOH...
WELL, YOU KNOW,
ABOUT HALF OF THESE
ARE GOING TO END UP
GETTING DIVORCED.
MAY I HELP YOU,
LADIES?
YES, I'M HERE TO
PICK UP A DRESS
THAT YOU
HAVE ON HOLD.
WHAT'S THE NAME, PLEASE?
EMILY WALTHAM.
OH, YES,
I HAVE IT RIGHT HERE.
( Monica gasps )
OH, MY...
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO TRY IT ON, MISS WALTHAM?
( both giggle )
OKAY.
YOU'RE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BRIDE
I'VE EVER SEEN.
I AM, AREN'T I?
YEAH.
( sighs )
MISS WALTHAM.
YES?
WE'RE CLOSING.
ALL RIGHT.
AND COULD I GET
MY RING BACK?
( snoring )
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY.
TIME TO ROLL OVER.
NO, NO!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
YOU ARE GOING TO A CLINIC.
YOU'RE GOING TO A CLINIC...
AND A PAJAMA STORE.
DOES SHE USE THE CUPS?
YES, I BELIEVE SHE DOES.
DOES SHE USE THE PLATES?
HMM.
( chuckles )
THANK YOU.
AW... THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU FOR COMING.
( knock at door )
UH, JUST A SECOND!
Phoebe:
NO, NO, LET ME IN.
PHOEBE?
YEAH.
CAN YOU HOLD ON
JUST ONE MINUTE?
NO, YOU HAVE TO LET
ME IN RIGHT NOW!
ARE YOU ALONE?
YES.
ALL RIGHT.
( giggles )
( both scream )
THIS SUCKS.
I DIDN'T KNOW
I HAD TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT
BEFORE I GO
TO THIS STUPID SLEEP CLINIC.
I'M SO TIRED.
IT'S 6:00.
HI.
HEY, I HEAR
YOU AND JOSHUA
ARE GOING OUT TO DINNER
WITH ROSS AND EMILY.
I THINK THAT'S--
I THINK THAT'S REALLY COOL.
YEAH, RACHEL,
I THINK YOU'RE HANDLING THAT
REALLY WELL.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"HANDLING" IT?
THERE'S NOTHING
TO HANDLE.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE I WOULD HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH THIS
IF IT WASN'T
FOR ME AND JOSHUA.
YOU KNOW, THEY'RE NOT GOING
TO GET MARRIED ANYWAY.
WHAT?
COME ON. THEY RUSHED
INTO THIS THING SO FAST
IT'S RIDICULOUS.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE ENGAGED
FOR, LIKE, WHAT, A YEAR?
ONE OF THEM WILL REALIZE
WHAT THEY'VE DONE
AND THEY'LL CALL
THE WHOLE THING OFF.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE
DANCING AT MY WEDDING
BEFORE YOU'RE DANCING
AT THEIRS.
YEAH, WELL, I DON'T
DANCE AT WEDDINGS.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE WEDDINGS ARE
A GREAT PLACE TO MEET WOMEN
AND WHEN I DANCE,
I LOOK LIKE THIS:
HEY, MAN.
HEY.
SO, WHAT'RE YOU GUYS DOING
FOUR WEEKS FROM TODAY?
NOTHING.
I AM...
FREE.
GREAT, BECAUSE EMILY AND I
ARE GETTING MARRIED IN A MONTH.
WHAT?
YEP.
IN A MONTH?
YEAH.
YOU MEAN, 30 DAYS?
FROM NOW.
YEAH.
OH, THAT'S GREAT!
EMILY ALWAYS WANTED
TO GET MARRIED
IN THIS BEAUTIFUL PLACE
THAT HER PARENTS GOT MARRIED
BUT IT'S GOING
TO BE TORN DOWN, SO...
I MEAN, I-I KNOW IT'S CRAZY,
BUT EVERYTHING UP TILL NOW
HAS BEEN SO CRAZY
AND, I DON'T KNOW--
IT JUST FEELS RIGHT, YOU KNOW?
HEY...
THAT'S THE DAY
AFTER I START MENSTRUATING.
THIS ISN'T MINE.
( clears throat )
HEY, RACHEL.
HI.
WHAT'S UP?
YOUR VOICE SOUNDED
ALL SQUEAKY ON THE PHONE.
OH... NOTHING.
I JUST WANTED TO SEE YOU.
SEE YOU AND HUG YOU.
S-SEE YOU...
GREAT.
YEAH, SO...
SIT.
( clears throat )
( sighs )
YOU OKAY?
I'M MORE THAN OKAY.
I AM REALLY, REALLY HAPPY.
WANT TO KNOW WHY?
DO I?
'CAUSE I AM REALLY HAPPY
ABOUT US.
I THINK WE ARE...
I THINK WE ARE
SO ON THE RIGHT TRACK.
YOU KNOW? I MEAN
I THINK WE ARE WORKING IT.
I THINK WE ARE CLICKING.
YOU KNOW?
YEAH, SURE, SURE.
YEAH, WE'RE-WE'RE-
WE'RE CLICKING.
YEAH, YEAH, YOU KNOW
IF-IF THERE WAS JUST, LIKE,
ONE LITTLE AREA WHERE...
THAT I THINK
WE-WE WOULD NEED TO WORK ON...
I-I WOULD THINK IT WAS
THAT WE'RE
JUST NOT CRAZY ENOUGH.
I-I GOT TO SAY I'M NOT
TOO SURE I AGREE WITH THAT.
WELL, YEAH, RIGHT,
YOU KNOW, YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, WE... YOU KNOW,
WE HAVE OUR FUN, YEAH...
BUT, IT'S... WE'RE JU...
I MEAN, I MEAN, I MEAN, LIKE,
CRAZY, YOU KNOW?
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS GOING TO...
THIS IS GOING TO SOUND,
YOU KNOW
A LITTLE, UM... HASTY,
BUT, UH, JUST GO WITH ME.
( clears throat )
( sighs )
WHAT IF WE GOT MARRIED?
WHAT?
OH, I KNOW, I KNOW.
IT'S SO...
IT'S SO TOTALLY, LIKE
WHOA, CAN WE DO THIS?
YOU KNOW, I MEAN...
BUT I MEAN, IT JUST FEELS RIGHT.
DON'T YOU THINK? IT DOES.
I MEAN, IT JUST
FEELS RIGHT, DON'T...
( whimpering )
( sighs )
WOW, UH...
RACHEL, UM, YOU'RE...
A REAL... SPECIAL LADY...
BUT...
MY DIVORCE
ISN'T FINAL YET
AN-AN-AND WE'VE
BEEN ON FOUR DATES.
SO...
I'M THINKING...
NO...
BUT...
THANKS.
YOU IDIOT!
YOUR NAME, PLEASE?
JOEY TRIBBIANI.
MM-HMM. DID YOU STAY UP
ALL NIGHT IN PREPARATION
FOR YOUR SLEEP STUDY?
UH, SIR?
( snoring )
YES, HE DID.
ALL RIGHT,
WE'LL CALL YOU
IN A FEW MINUTES.
OKAY.
OH.
CHECK OUT THAT GIRL.
SHE'S REALLY HOT.
YEAH, SHE IS.
WOW.
HOW YOU DOING?
WHAT?!
YOU'RE COMING ON
TO THE ENTIRE ROOM.
I'M CHANDLER.
MARJORIE. HI.
DO YOU MIND IF I SIT?
NO. PLEASE.
SO, UH, WHAT
ARE YOU IN FOR?
I-I TALK IN MY SLEEP.
WHAT A COINCIDENCE;
I LISTEN IN MY SLEEP.
( laughing )
SO WHY DON'T YOU
GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER?
READY?
YEAH.
OKAY.
I GOT IT! MINE!
( screams )
CONGRATULATIONS!
( laughing )
OKAY...
MY TURN! MY TURN!
OKAY.
OKAY, READY?
YEAH.
OKAY.
THAT WAS A TERRIBLE THROW!
WELL, I'M NOT GOING TO THROW IT
RIGHT TO YOU.
THAT'S NOT REAL.
LOOK AT ME.
MY BIG CONCERN IS WHAT'S REAL?
OH, MY GOD.
WE'RE REALLY SAD, AREN'T WE?
YEAH, I THINK WE ARE.
THIS ISN'T EVEN MY DRESS.
YEAH, WELL, AT LEAST
YOU DIDN'T RENT YOURS
FROM A STORE CALLED
"IT'S NOT TOO LATE."
I'M CHANGING OUT OF THIS.
ME, TOO.
IN, LIKE, A HALF AN HOUR?
OKAY. ALL RIGHT, NOW
THROW IT STRAIGHT THIS TIME.
OKAY.
I'M GETTING MARRIED NEXT!
YAY!
I HATE MY REGULAR
CLOTHES NOW, YOU KNOW?
IT'S LIKE I LOOK
DOWN AND-AND I KNOW
THIS ISN'T GOING TO BE
THE MOST SPECIAL DAY
OF MY LIFE.
YEAH, I MEAN,
IT WAS KIND OF FUN FOR A WHILE
BUT DIDN'T YOU START FEELING
KIND OF SILLY?
I GUESS.
YEAH.
OH, MY GOD!
OH!
YOU'RE SUCH A CHEATER!
HELLO, LITTLE ONES.
HEY...
SO IS JOEY GOING
TO STOP SNORING?
YEP, AND A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
AGREED TO GO OUT WITH ME.'
JOEY WANTED TO ASK HER OUT
BUT, UH, YOU KNOW,
SHE PICKED ME.
OH, HOW'D THAT HAPPEN?
BECAUSE I'M COOLER.
NO, SERIOUSLY.
WELL, SHE'S, YOU KNOW,
SHE'S THE KIND OF GIRL...
JOEY WAS UNCONSCIOUS.
( mumbling ):
HEY, YOU GUYS,
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS THAT?
OH... THEY GAVE IT TO ME
AT THE SLEEP CLINIC
AND IT'S GOING TO HELP ME
NOT TO SNORE.
WELL, ARE YOU ASLEEP
RIGHT NOW, JOE?
'CAUSE I DON'T THINK YOU HAVE
TO WEAR IT UNLESS YOU ARE.
I KNOW I DON'T HAVE TO.
IT TASTES GOOD.
PLUS, YOU LOOK COOL.
WELL, I JUST CALLED JOSHUA.
OH, HOW'D IT GO?
WELL, I DID MY BEST
TO CONVINCE HIM
THAT I'M NOT SOME CRAZY GIRL
WHO IS DYING TO GET MARRIED--
THAT I'M JUST GOING
THROUGH A HARD TIME.
WHAT'D HE SAY?
WELL, UH, HIS ANSWERING MACHINE
WAS VERY UNDERSTANDING.
( sighs )
I FEEL BLUE.
AW, SWEETIE, OH...
HONEY, I'LL BET
YOU ANYTHING
HE'S GOING TO
CALL YOU AGAIN.
YEAH, MAYBE, BUT, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T THINK I EVEN CARE.
I DON'T THINK...
HE'S THE ONE I'M SAD ABOUT.
YOU KNOW, I KNOW THAT I SAID
I AM TOTALLY OKAY
WITH ROSS GETTING MARRIED
BUT AS IT TURNS OUT
I DON'T THINK I AM HANDLING IT
ALL THAT WELL.
YEAH, MAYBE.
AN-AND I'M JUST TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT WHY.
ANY LUCK?
YEAH, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
HOW ROSS AND I
HAVE ALWAYS BEEN
ON AGAIN, OFF AGAIN
ON AGAIN, OFF AGAIN?
I GUESS I JUST FIGURED
THAT SOMEWHERE DOWN THE ROAD...
WE WOULD BE ON AGAIN... AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK WE ALL DID.
YEAH.
HEY.
SO, GOT US RESERVATIONS
FOR SUNDAY NIGHT, OKAY?
HOW ABOUT ERNIE'S AT 9:00?
YEAH, WELL, YOU, UH,
BETTER MAKE IT FOR THREE.
OH, SEE, I-I DON'T KNOW
IF WE'RE GOING
TO BE HUNGRY AT 3:00.
THREE PEOPLE.
JOSHUA'S NOT GOING TO BE THERE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
UM, WELL, I THINK--
I THINK HE BROKE UP
WITH ME.
NO. WHY?
WELL... APPARENTLY,
HE SCARES EASY.
OH, RACHEL, I'M SORRY.
WELL... THAT'S OKAY.
SOMETIMES... THINGS
DON'T WORK OUT
THE WAY YOU
THOUGHT THEY WOULD.
COME HERE.
OH...
( sighs )
WELL, HEY,
DON'T YOU HAVE
TO GO PICK UP EMILY?
YEAH.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I GOT MY GIRLS.
OKAY.
UGH.
( groans )
OH...
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT
MIGHT CHEER YOU UP?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW,
I GOT TO TELL YOU
THIS REALLY DOES PUT
ME IN A BETTER MOOD.
MM-HMM.
OH. I WISH THERE WAS A JOB
WHERE I COULD WEAR THIS
ALL THE TIME.
MAYBE SOMEDAY THERE WILL BE.
( knock at door )
OH, GOD, THAT'S CHANDLER.
HE'S GOING TO COME BY
AND BORROW SOME CANDLES
FOR HIS BIG DATE.
OH, OKAY.
RACHEL,
DON'T GET IT;
HE'LL SEE US.
THE GROOM CANNOT
SEE THE BRIDE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO MARRY CHANDLER.
NOT AFTER THIS.
OKAY, GUYS... JUST RELAX.
I DO...
I GOT TO GO.
OH, NO, JOSHUA...
JOSHUA...
OH...
YEAH, WELL,
THAT OUGHT TO DO IT.